---
date: 2026-06-22T20:27:00Z
category: 
poem-style: want
summary: 
---

The Knicks victory celebration was called unInternet or unAI.

Theo is Offline

The gentleness of an elder gentleman, the vulnerability in kindness; its all so different from the modern online experience. 

There is brashness not bravery. Its strangers interacting with no introduction - strange. No conversation with shared tears or smiles. It's frequently brazen and attention seeking. Solipsistic in solitude. Cynical in certainty.

Even a baby knows to smile because it is smiled at. We did human things. We made babies. Autism and fertility do not dance well. The iPhone stole our smile and the internet hides our tears. It's sad to think about it and realize the last time you've laughed and cried. It'll hit. Oh yeah, I am human. I should try being more human. 

Theo chooses the person he wants to talk to by looking at their portrait and finding some sadness in their face. You see no sadness in online profiles. They are inaccurate portraits. They offer no insight into who the person is. A portrait tells a story. It is more than a thousand words, more than 200 characters. 

Theo looks to the face for personal hints. He likes intricacy - under mushrooms, spiderwebs, DaVinci drawings. 

He can tell who he'd like to speak with. He's intuitive; erudite. 

Online its, Avatars, memes, emojis, pseudonym, usernames - no hints, just an identifier to tell the database you are unique. I'd like to speak to no one online. Only to see one offline. 

Theo meets a stranger at a fountain. In public. In real life. There's water. There are journeys. 
